Building software to handle billions of transactions daily is a challenge every computer scientist would like to solve. How about you? 

Millions of products sold, terabyte sized databases, distributed systems, service oriented architecture, world class ground breaking technologies used by many big companies globally, world class web services, some of the smartest engineers on the planet as peers, creative solutions, passion for software development, innovation, hard work, achievement, fun - if these words excite you, this is an opportunity that you shouldn't miss! 

Amazon's Digital Content and Commerce teams work towards building enterprise scale systems that will aid in providing our customers with the best selection of digital contents and products. Providing our customers with the best and largest catalog of digital product is our goal. So, getting these products on site accurately and quickly is an engineering problem that we welcome smart engineers to come and solve with us. In this position, you will have the opportunity to work with the latest generic and Amazon technologies, yet leave your own stamp in Amazon using your creativity and passion. You will be working with a group of extremely smart engineers as passionate about software development as you are. 
As a Software Development Engineer, you will develop key product features within new strategic initiatives at Amazon. You'll be involved in all phases of the product life cycle: roadmap planning, design, coding, test, deployment, and operational ownership. A successful candidate will have strong customer experience and product judgment, rigorous technical grounding, broad hands-on engineering expertise, ability to quickly pick up new domain-specific knowledge, great communication skills, and passion to build and iterate in a fast-paced agile environment. You will also be able to foster these traits and skills in other engineers. 

You will have an opportunity to impact the customer experience, implementation, and robustness of cutting edge products that will be used every day by people you know. As in all of our roles, we're looking for people who love inventing on behalf of customers, who demonstrate a high degree of product ownership, and who want to have fun while they make history. 
